README.md, before:

wakari_tutorial
===============

An introductory tutorial covering features of Wakari and IPython

Ian Stokes-Rees [@ijstokes](http://twitter.com/ijstokes)

**[Continuum Analytics](http://continuum.io)**

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en_US"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/3.0/88x31.png" /></a><br /><span xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" property="dct:title">Introduction to Data Analysis with IPython and Wakari</span> <br>
by <a xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" href="http://about.me/ijstokes" property="cc:attributionName" rel="cc:attributionURL">Ian Stokes-Rees</a> is licensed under a <br>
<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en_US">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License</a>.<br />
Based on a work at <a xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" href="https://github.com/ijstokes/wakari_tutorial" rel="dct:source">https://github.com/ijstokes/wakari_tutorial</a>.

Commit message:

post-tutorial tidy up of slides

README.md, after:

Introduction to Data Analysis with IPython and Wakari
=====================================================

An introductory tutorial covering features of Wakari and IPython

Ian Stokes-Rees [@ijstokes](http://twitter.com/ijstokes)

**[Continuum Analytics](http://continuum.io)**

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en_US"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/3.0/88x31.png" /></a><br /><span xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" property="dct:title">Introduction to Data Analysis with IPython and Wakari</span> <br>
by <a xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" href="http://about.me/ijstokes" property="cc:attributionName" rel="cc:attributionURL">Ian Stokes-Rees</a> is licensed under a <br>
<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en_US">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License</a>.<br />
Based on a work at <a xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" href="https://github.com/ijstokes/wakari_tutorial" rel="dct:source">https://github.com/ijstokes/wakari_tutorial</a>.
